Slide 1:
	Hello, our team name was originally How Do you turn this on? but over time we became DingoHub. 
Thanks for coming out, we hope we can make your attendence to events like this both more enjoyable and 
accessable with our application, Hubbub.

Slide 2:
	Today I'm going to talk to you about our current Social Network Experience and it's pitfalls.
	How we think we can improve the current social experience we all have today.
	Our app, Hubbub, in particular it's functionality.
	How Hubbub it works underneath and what makes it unique
	and what we are woring to achieve.
Slide 3:
	1) I'm going to say it now, I do not hate facebook. We are not out to destory facebook. We'd like to
	steal facebook users and be bought by facebook much like instagram. However, we, as many others, think
	facebook has become bloated and cumbersome. 
	2) Facebook holds over 50% of the current global social network market share. Google + has seen
	a noticable increase over the last several years at the cost of making google+ a manditory requirement
	for gmail accounts.
	3) the last 30% of the market share is fought between social networking niche audiences. From linked
	in to tumblr's blog-like platform. We consider facebook a nessesity, a monopolistic nessesity, a
	utility. when in reality, it's very unstable and in rapid decline in favoriablity.
	4) If so many people dislike facebook, why are we still using it?! Because there's simply no
	popular alternative for certain functionality.
	
Slide 4:
	1.) Events and Groups are crucial to the curretn facebook platform. Many use facebook as a means
	simply to access social events and coordinate group meetings for interaction.
	2.) However, facebook fails in many ways to even make this service something enjoyable and efficent to
	use.
	3.) for example, people often mass invite everyone for events, even people all accross the globe. 
	many end up with over 1k people invited and before the event occurs, over 200 people could say they're
	going. By the time the event occurs and people show up, only 50 people have arrived and this is
	is seen as the nature of simply using facebook. Why is it ok and accepted for that to be inaccurate?
	4.) Additionaly, many only find events because they were invited to them. Vary few, if anyone,searches
	events they have yet to hear about. people attempting to find events for a specific topic or interest
	seldom look on facebook due to the accepted facade of legitamacy. Many events don't look real, fall
	through without notice or simple are overlooked in response to facebook standard notification system.
	5.) lastly, facebook fells disconnected from a "social" environment all together. Many people use
	facebook to actually become more anti-social. The evironment on facebook has created a disconnect with
	youth and allowed for the term "stalking" to become a understandable, inevitable occurance on facebook
Slide 5:
	1.) with these problems at hand, we are attempting to create a social, social network. We want people
	to interact, react, and feel like the social networking experience they're having is alive. A dynamic
	real-time experience that makes the user feel less like they are still at their desk and more on the
	go.
	2.) With hubbub, we intend for people to create groups, events, and chat in real-time (like facebook) 
	with the acception of interactive notifications and dynamic searching and interest updates for local
	geofenced events.

Slide 6:
	1) How is hubbub different than facebook events? You.

Slide 7:
	1) Hubbub consist of two very important ideas. A Hub and a Bub.
	2) A Hub is a user created or default hashtag that is an established environment for the interest or
	topic it represents. For example, #Football would be a Hub. A hub's enviroment includes posts, chat,
	and a list of bub's that have been tagged under that Hub. Think subreddit or hashtag in instagram
	3) Anyone can post in a hub or a bub and join at there discresion.
	
Slide 8:
	1) A Bub at it's core is simply an event. The event has it's own interaction environment
	with several time managment and update information devices we'll discuss soon.
	features we'll discuss in a little. A Bub has it's own followers and posts for people to interact
Slide 9:
	1) Hubbub is GeoFenced. My favorite part about this app. No more looking at events in tampa when
	you're not even there. No searching for events local and come to find they're in jacksonville. Hubbub
	is for a social experience where you are and won't allow people to spam events miles away.
	2) 




